Add lazy loading iframe docs (#116)
humanmade/altis-media: docs/lazy-loading.md

Gaussholder includes a CLI command to help you tune the radius: pick a representative attachment or image file and use `wp gaussholder check-size <id_or_image> <radius>`. Adjust the radius until you get to roughly 200B, then check against other attachments to ensure they're in the ballpark.

Note: changing the radius requires regenerating the placeholder data. Run `wp gaussholder process-all --regenerate` after changing radii or adding new sizes.

> ## Lazy Loading iFrames

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Lazy Loading Inline Frames
```

> iFrames are lazy-loaded by default using the [browser-level `loading` attribute](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/iframe-embed-object.html#attr-iframe-loading). Only `iframe` tags with both `width` and `height` attributes present will be lazy-loaded to avoid a negative impact on layout shifting. oEmbeded iframe content within `the_content`, `the_excerpt` and `widget_text_content` will have the `loading="lazy"` tag added by default where the web service has provided a `width` and `height` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inline frames are lazy-loaded by default using the [browser-level `loading` attribute](https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/iframe-embed-object.html#attr-iframe-loading). Only `<iframe>` tags with both `width` and `height` attributes present will be lazy-loaded to avoid a negative impact on layout shifting. Embedded `<iframe>` tags provided via oEmbed in content run through `the_content`, `the_excerpt` or `widget_text_content` filters will have the `loading="lazy"` attribute added by default where the web service has provided a `width` and `height` attribute.
```

I haven't seen the `iFrame` capitalisation anywhere before but we should make it consistent. On MDN for example in plain english they're always referred to as inline frames or `<iframe>`. The "i" should at least be capitalised in case Apple decide to sue us 😛

Author: A quick search shows a bunch of articles about iframes with a capital F but none of those are from respected documentation sources (except Microsoft docs). W3Schools actually capitalizes the "I" which is blasphemy. 😂

![Screen Shot 2021-04-15 at 10 30 14 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/991511/114905088-cb56f280-9dd5-11eb-984e-8218b186e442.png)

This might go back to my memory of HTML 2.0 days where eVerYthInG waS camElCasE. "Inline frames" and the actual tag are _much_ better. 👍

> You can customize whether and how iFrames are lazy loaded using the `wp_lazy_loading_enabled` filter. For example, to disable lazy-loading of iFrames from post content entirely, you could use the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize whether and how inline frames are lazy loaded using the `wp_lazy_loading_enabled` filter. For example, to disable lazy-loading of inline frames from post content entirely, you could use the following code:
```

```php
add_filter( 'wp_lazy_loading_enabled', function( $default, $tag_name, $context ) {
	if ( $tag_name === 'iframe' && $context === 'the_content'  ) {
		return false;
	}

	return $default;
}, 10, 3 );
```

> You can also use the `wp_iframe_tag_add_loading_attr` filter to customize a specific iFrame tag. For example, if you wanted to disable lazy-loading on iFrames from a specific provider, like YouTube, you could use the following code:

Author: ```suggestion
You can also use the `wp_iframe_tag_add_loading_attr` filter to customize a specific `<iframe>` tag. For example, if you wanted to disable lazy-loading on inline frames from a specific provider, like YouTube, you could use the following code:
```
